Since you have someone in charge, I'll leave first and let everyone take orders.
Just know how to be a woman, you are not a fox who buys women.
So, after starting the shuttle from the Bai family,
We have another view.
When I came back with this talisman, I immediately thought of you.
Unexpectedly.
You are a confinement child.
I mean slowly.
We are four brothers. We grew up together.
Do you remember me again? Or,
If you take someone else, forget about it.
I didn't tell him much about my marriage.
First, what Huangtou told me is that he is the fourth brother.
You secretly know the experience I gave you
How can you go to other daughters?
Who do I marry?
That Huang Bu didn't even want to tell me my identity.
It was actually a blockbuster movie
Yes, I can only doubt that I have
I choose to testify for you
How do you think it was done?
I'm not good at myself
I did not mean that
I'm just better
What exactly is it like?
I say it again
If you don't have anything else
Don't disturb me, leave it alone
Forget it if I bother you again